.
- Arturo Morales.
You know him?
- Runs half
the West Side coke.
Chicago's full
of high-priority targets.
- Not ones who
murdered my informant.
- Informant was Tom Villar.
Chapman visited Villar
11 times in two weeks.
- She spent the night
at the safe house.
- I'm well aware of every
single line I crossed.
[dramatic music]
- That's Tom's.
- We recovered
a Browning 9-mil,
which is the gun Morales likes.
Let me see your hands.
- Do you swear
to tell the truth,
the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth,
so help you God?
- I do.
- You may be seated.
- Sergeant Voight,
can you please
state your name, rank,
and current unit of assignment?
- Henry Voight, Sergeant,
Intelligence Unit,
Organized Crime Division,
Chicago Police Department.
- Thank you.
I'd like to draw your attention
to the parking structure
at West 55 Cordova.
What, if anything,
unusual happened there?
- I received a tip
from a confidential informant
that there were possible
human remains buried
in the foundation
of the structure,
so I ordered a forensics unit
to dig up the concrete.
- What, if anything,
did you find?
- A body,
which DNA analysis later
confirmed to be Tom Villar.
- And who is Tom Villar?
- He was the key witness
in a narcotics trial
against the defendant,
Arturo Morales, 2018.
But Villar went missing
before he could testify.
The case imploded.
- Objection, Your Honor.
Relevance?
- Sustained.
Jurors, you are advised
to ignore that statement.
- Sergeant Voight,
I'm showing you
what's been previously marked
for identification purposes
as People's Group Exhibit J.
Can you describe what you see?
- Those are the remains
of Tom Villar.
I observed three broken fingers
on his right hand,
broken right arm,
fractured skull.
I also observed
a single gunshot wound
to the back of his head.
- Sergeant Voight,
do you recognize this item?
- I do.
That is a 9-millimeter
semiautomatic Browning
that I recovered
at the crime scene.
- And you ran ballistics
and forensics on this gun?
- Yes.
Ballistics on that 9-millimeter
were a match
for the bullet found
in Tom Villar's skull.
Forensics also recovered
dried blood spatter
on the handle of that weapon.
DNA analysis of that blood
came back as a positive match--
Arturo Morales.
[suspenseful music]
- The murder
of a state's witness
is a brazen attack
on our system of justice--
an attack on how we,
as a society,
determine right and wrong.
But this act also robbed
a man of his life.
A young man
with a life in front of him,
a man who just wanted
to give to this world,
who wanted to do good,
who wanted to stand in front
of a jury just like you
and tell the truth.
Tom Villar just wanted
to do the right thing.
He wanted to see Morales
go to jail for his crimes.
But what did he get?
He was beaten, broken,
shot in the back of the head,
left to rot
beneath the concrete.
There is only one
just conclusion
that you can come to, and that
is to find this man guilty.
♪
- Hey.
- Authoritative,
deliberate, concise.
It's almost like
you've done that before.
- You had a good day too.
I know it couldn't
have been easy.
- Yeah, well,
jury deliberations
start in the morning.
I'll be a lot more relaxed
once I hear a guilty verdict.
- Well, you will.
[phone buzzing]
I'll tell you what,
when you do,
we'll go out
and get that drink.
I'm buying.
Oh, look, I gotta take this.
You go ahead.
- Okay.
Sorry.
- Hailey, you here?
I'm telling you,
this guy was scared.
There he is, see?
Green coat.
- You think something's wrong?
- I don't know, but--
I mean, he was nervous.
You see how he's got
his hands in his pockets?
He was hiding his hands.
And they were scratched,
bruised.
They looked like
defensive wounds.
- Think Morales gotta him?
- I don't know.
I think we should check it out.
♪
- Christopher Egan,
29 years old.
He's an engineer
at a chemical plant.
Wife, Julia Egan.
No kids.
Both have clean records.
- Well, I'm a witness
for the state.
I can't be seen
talking to a juror.
Just knock on the door,
say you've been looking
into recent break-ins
in the neighborhood.
You know,
see how he reacts to you.
- All right.
♪
Voight, we got a problem.
[knocking]
- Christopher Egan?
- No, no, no, no.
Get in. Get in.
You can't be here.
- What's happening?
- You can't be here.
- Hold on.
- You have to go.
You gotta go.
You gotta go right now.
- Hey. You recognize me?
You recognize me, right?
I'm police.
- Yeah, I know you.
Please--
- Hey.
Christopher, look at me.
Look at me.
- We're here to help.
Whatever's going on,
you're not in it alone, okay?
We're both here to help you.
Just tell me what's going on.
It's okay.
- They took my wife.
They said I have
to vote not guilty
or they're gonna kill her.
♪
It's just the blood over there.
- What did the men look like?
- Uh, they had masks on.
Uh, my height, maybe.
They spoke Spanish.
- They--they forced her
out of the bed?
- They put a gun in my face,
and she tried to get up,
and they shocked her
with a Taser, and she fell.
Hit her head, and, uh...
and she bled a lot.
- Are they giving you
proof of life?
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah, they, um, let me talk
to her this morning,
and they're gonna
send me some pictures.
- And no one else
knows about this?
- No.
No, and I definitely shouldn't
have told you, either.
- You did the right thing.
- No, I didn't.
I don't know how
to vote not guilty.
The jury knows
Morales is guilty,
and they're gonna push back.
I don't know what to do.
She's all I have.
- I get it.
I got a favor.
Can you give me two minutes?
We'll be right downstairs.
Two minutes.
- Yeah.
- Smells like he used bleach.
I'll call Forensics,
get the crime lab down here.
- No.
- No?
- We're not calling this in.
Hailey, the second
we put this on the books,
they will shut the trial down.
- They need to shut
the trial down--
- And she will be dead.
- Voight, we can't
not call it in.
- Yes, we can.
We're get Egan
to stall deliberations
until we find her.
Morales is not killing
another innocent person
to keep himself out of jail.
It ain't happening twice.
♪
So anything
we want on the record
all gets hooked
to the fake DTO.
- If we need patrol,
if we need arrests,
we're using the same DTO case.
- And we keep it all quiet.
- Okay.
- All right, where's Adam?
- Setting up his undercover
apartment in Hegewisch.
He'll come in soon.
- Okay.
So where are we at
with the call made to Egan?
- Made through an
online number generator,
bounced through IPs.
Can't track it.
- Get that POD footage?
- Yeah.
A car pulls up.
Our two offenders
break a window
and enter through the basement.
Then 30 minutes later,
they exit with Julia
and put her in the trunk.
- Wait. Freeze that.
Zoom in.
What's that emblem
on the kidnapper's sweatshirt?
- I'll run a reverse image
search, see if I can track it.
- What about the car?
- Uh, no.
BOLO's out, but it was
reported stolen a week ago,
and no footage of the theft.
- Okay, so who's Morales
been talking to?
- Well, he hasn't
made any calls
since he's been in County,
and his defense attorney
is as clean as they come.
But a week ago,
Morales was visited three times
by this guy, Edgar Ochoa.
He's the new shot-caller
now that Morales is away.
County's sending over
the recorded conversation now,
but if anyone is helping
Morales execute this,
it's that guy.
- Oh, I know Ochoa.
Yeah, I met him when I was
under at Morales's bar.
My cover's still good.
- Okay, good.
So Torres, you go back under.
We need ears in that bar.
His crew is gonna be talking.
Make sure we know
what they're saying.
Meantime, we run
everything else out of here.
And we keep it quiet, okay?
Less paper the better.
- Copy.
- What about Chapman?
You could at least loop her in.
- No, we tell Chapman, she's
obligated to go to the judge.
It's better for her
we keep her in the dark.
[singer rapping in Spanish]
- Dante Ramiro,
no manches, guey.
They finally let you out?
- Ma had to sell her car
to pay bail.
- You're a terrible son.
You want anything else?
- How about a taste of this?
- Not in here.
- All right. Okay.
Watch my beer, yeah?
[tense music]
- Oye, what the hell
are you doing in here?
- [grunts] Ochoa.
Yo, come have a bump
with me, man.
- That's Ochoa.
Be ready to move.
- Mm.
- This stuff is good, man.
I'm celebrating my freedom.
- Who the hell are you?
- I'm Dante.
I met you through 'Rales.
I just got out.
- [speaking Spanish]
- What?
[sniffs]
♪
- No, I don't remember you.
- Ochoa!
Ochoa!
- Move. Let's go, move.
- All right, all right,
all right, all right.
- Ochoa!
- Shut up!
- You don't get to come
walking in here
and talk to him
whenever you feel like.
That office is off-limits.
- Hey, yo! Ochoa!
Tell them to step back--
- Shut up!
Keep your voice down.
- I've been calling you, man.
- You're not allowed
to call me.
- We got a problem.
The bitch needs help--
- Shut your mouth.
- Who the hell is that?
- No idea.
- [speaking indistinctly]
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You see that?
- Hell, yeah,
that's the black sweatshirt,
white emblem,
just like the POD footage.
- Sarge, you got your ears in?
- Yeah, copy you.
- Potential kidnapper
just walked into Umbra.
He's asking Ochoa for help.
- Get out of my bar.
What the hell are you doing?
- Huh?
- All of you, get out, now!
- What the hell?
He's tripping, man.
[engine turns over]
- You got those plates?
- Yeah, I got them.
So Sarge, the suspected
kidnapper is on the move.
Plates belong
to a Damian Lopez.
Looks like his ID.
We're following.
- Keep on him.
Call out your coordinates.
I'm coming to meet you.
♪
- Okay, our offender is
walking into 2239 Abbott.
House is rented out
to a Michael Simmons.
He's got two priors
for possession.
5'10", just like
offender number two.
- Copy you. I'm pulling up.
♪
Any sign of movement?
Any sign of Julia?
- No.
Curtains have been pulled.
We got no movement, no eyes.
- Let's move.
- Okay, but Sarge,
it's not admissible
if it's not on paper.
- Okay, so we'll knock nice.
Let's move.
- Side there.
- Got it.
[indistinct shouting]
- Chicago PD, open up.
Now!
[gunshot]
- Moving.
♪
- Police!
Body.
- [gasping, choking]
Hey.
Where's Julia Egan?
Where is she?
Hey, hey! Where's Julia?
Tell me where you're holding--
[clattering]
Police! Come on out!
[glass shattering]
Kev, back window.
He's coming to you.
- Yeah, I got him coming
off the back roof, Sarge.
Stop! Let me see your hands!
Drop the weapon!
Ah!
- [grunts]
- Hailey, he's going
toward the front!
[dogs barking]
- 50-21, emergency.
Roll an ambo to 2239 Abbott.
Male victim,
gunshot wound to chest.
Keep fighting.
Tell me where she is.
- Hey!
- [groaning]
- Turn around.
Turn--gun!
- [grunting]
- Sarge, offender in custody.
- Where are you holding her?
Where is Julia Egan?
You're okay. Keep fighting!
Come on. Where's Julia?
Just tell me where she is.
Where's--come on.
Hold on. You're okay.
Where is she?
♪
.
- I lost my patience
20 minutes ago.
- [panting, yelling]
- Just tell me the truth.
- I'm trying to.
I swear it was self-defense.
I--I owed Lopez
20 grand of product, okay?
And he comes in with a gun,
and they're talking about
some injured woman
that--that needed help.
I thought he was lying,
so I shot him.
And then I panicked,
and I ran, and I thought--
- Okay, okay, hey, hey, hey!
Why would he come
to you for help?
- Because I went
to med school for a year,
so he thinks I'm a doctor.
I thought he was lying.
I--I thought he was
gonna kill me--
- I got it, I got it!
- So I had to shoot him--
- Shut up!
Where's Julia?
Just tell me where she is.
Where is she?
- What?
- Julia, where is she?
- I--I don't know any Julia.
- The woman
he wanted you to help.
Her name is Julia.
Where did he want you to go?
- He didn't tell me.
He didn't tell me.
I don't know who that is.
It was self-defense, okay?
I had to do it!
He was gonna kill me!
You can't leave me like this!
Hey!
- Simmons talk?
- No.
He's coked up and useless.
All right,
don't let him talk to anyone.
Just hook it all into the DTO.
Go ahead.
He's in there.
- Thanks, Sarge.
- Not a word about Egan.
- Copy that.
Forensics and the crime lab
are two minutes out.
- All right,
we got Lopez's phone, his car?
- Yeah, getting towed to 21.
- All right,
scour the car, scrub the phone,
and get CPIC moving.
Every cam within five miles.
Let's go.
- Copy that.
- Hey.
What are you doing here?
- Still take it black,
I assume?
- Yeah, perfect.
- Late night?
I heard about Lopez.
- Mm.
- My guy in Narcotics.
I wanted to stay alert
on anything Morales.
Lopez was hooked in with him.
What happened?
- Drug debt gone bad.
- But it's not related
to Morales's case?
- [scoffs] No.
Just--just another
Thursday night in Chicago.
- Hey, Hank.
- Yeah?
- Did you notice anything
in court with the jury?
I shouldn't be
asking you this, but...
- What do you mean?
Anything like what?
- Anything off?
I usually feel
connected to them.
I can usually feel when
I have them in my pocket,
when I don't, but this time,
I just felt anxiety.
- Seemed dialed in to me.
- Yeah.
It's just nerves, I guess.
Well, jury deliberations
start in a couple of hours.
I should go pace around
the courthouse hallways.
Thanks, Hank.
I appreciate it.
- All right,
tell me we have something.
- I mean,
we cracked Lopez's phone,
but we got nothing
to show for it.
- There's nothing helpful
on the texts.
Girlfriends,
thinly-coded drug deals,
a couple addresses came up.
Cleared them all.
- His GPS was deactivated.
Tower hits are near his home.
All outgoing calls
go to burners.
- Nothing on traffic cams
or PODs,
and Lopez's house was empty.
- All right, Egan?
- He got a proof of life text
about an hour ago.
Here.
- Jesus.
[suspenseful music]
Check area hospitals,
urgent cares.
Maybe they swung by.
We able to run the IP address?
- Bounced again.
No identifying background
we can track, either.
- Hey. Ochoa's speaking.
- She still hanging on?
No, our friend's friend
isn't coming.
No, I'm not going to meet you.
No, just keep her alive
until the verdict.
That's all we need.
Then get rid of her.
- Okay, we are
bringing in Ochoa now.
♪
Cover the front.
- Police! Hands up.
Let me see them hands.
- What are you talking about?
Give me your hands.
[clattering]
- What the hell is going on?
- Gun!
- Cash, burners. Bag them all.
You tell me right now
where Julia Egan is,
you save yourself
a lot of trouble.
- Who's Julia?
Get him up.
[knocking]
- Ochoa?
Oye, Ochoa!
[speaking Spanish]
- It's the beer delivery guy.
[knocking]
- [speaking Spanish]
- All clear. He's gone.
- Let's go.
♪
.
- This is the third visit
in one week alone.
Here's you sitting across
from Arturo Morales.
- The two of us talked about
the weather, the stock market.
You can listen for yourself.
- I did listen.
I also listened to an audio
of you at your own bar,
giving orders
to let a woman die.
Where's Julia Egan?
I don't think you understand.
We have you.
So the sooner you talk,
the better.
- No.
If you had me, you'd book me.
If you had me,
you wouldn't have kidnapped me.
You wouldn't have cared
if any of my guys saw you.
- You know your friend Lopez?
He gave you up
right before he died.
He said you planned
the abduction.
That is a deathbed confession.
Let me tell you something,
juries eat that stuff up.
And that confession,
it hooks you
to murder and jury tampering.
You know why that's special?
[tense music]
Makes it federal.
Death penalty.
I can book you,
and when I do, you die.
You willing to take that ride
for Arturo Morales?
- I've known Morales
and Lopez my whole life.
- Hmm.
- I know them, they know me.
So I know...
we don't talk to police.
You have nothing.
Lawyer.
♪
- We've been through two
of Ochoa's burners.
Nothing so far.
- What about the call
from the office?
- That was from
an online number.
Bounced all over the place.
They're not stupid.
- All right, then Lopez.
Anything new?
- No, sir.
- All right.
Rip Ochoa's life apart.
Just find me leverage--
anything that can get this guy
to flip on a location.
Just find me
what he cares about.
- Yes, sir.
- I'll rip it from him.
- Hank.
A word?
Tell me
what's going on right now.
- I am knee-deep in the middle
of a DTO investigation.
- You're gonna lie to me?
I think I made it real clear
that I've got eyes
on the street
feeding me anything
related to Morales.
They told me Ochoa vanished.
Disappeared the day after
his henchman Lopez gets killed?
What's going on?
- I'm in the middle of an
ongoing DTO investigation.
- You're not.
My jury is deadlocked, Hank.
This is an open-and-shut case,
and these 12 jurors
somehow can't come
to a consensus.
If there is jury tampering
going on,
it's your sworn duty to alert
the ASA's office to tell me.
- I can't.
- What?
- Do you trust me?
- No.
No, that's not how this works.
If you want trust,
earn it with the truth.
What is Morales doing?
Answer me, Hank.
Just answer me.
- Sarge, we got something.
Something we can move on.
[tense music]
- Hank.
- We got a ping
from Ochoa's third burner.
Multiple calls
from Garfield Park.
POD caught his car
outside a house on Bentley.
- We think Julia's there?
- Not sure, but the place
screams stash house.
- Okay.
- 'Sup?
Even if it's not Julia,
there could be drugs.
- Leverage.
- We got Simmons
to confirm it on paper.
We can get the warrant
hooked to the DTO.
- Let's go!
♪
- Watch it, Sarge.
Clear.
- Clear.
- Okay, downstairs floor
is clear.
[thumping]
What?
- Clear.
[clattering]
Chicago PD!
Come out with your hands up!
Hands first. Step out.
- What's going on?
Please, what is this?
- Put your hands
behind your head.
Don't move.
- Sarge, we got a bunch
of kilos down here.
- We've got one person
in custody, second floor.
You live here?
- Yes. Yes, I live here.
- Who are you?
- Felipe.
- Last name?
- Ochoa.
- You related to Edgar Ochoa?
- He's my brother.
♪
.
- 90 years.
That's the sentence
for this amount of weight.
Found it all at your
stash house in Garfield Park.
Even got your prints
on a couple of them.
So I'd start talking now.
- Felipe?
What the hell is he doing here?
My brother's not in the game.
He's innocent.
[both speaking Spanish]
- Come on, get him out of here.
- No, no, no!
- Get him out of here!
- Felipe!
- It's all right.
Just keep walking, okay?
- Book him!
- It's all right.
- He had no idea there
were drugs in the house.
- Uh-huh.
- He's innocent.
He works at a damn
grocery store.
He has cancer.
- And we recovered ten bricks
of cocaine in his possession.
And I don't care
where he works,
how clean his record is.
I don't care that
he's dying of cancer.
I mean, he's doing the time
for that product.
[tense music]
How many of those 90 years
you think he'll last
on a prison medical plan, hmm?
It's a brutal way to go--
alone in a cell...
cancer slowly
eating his body to dust.
Your brother knows
exactly who you are.
He chose to love you anyway.
And now he's gonna die for it.
Unless you talk.
Where is Julia?
Where is she?
- I want it in writing.
My brother walks out
of custody today, no charges.
That's the only way I'll talk.
♪
[phone buzzing]
[tires squealing]
[siren wailing]
- All right, I'm here.
Kim, Kev, how far out are you?
- Five minutes out, Sarge.
- Hailey?
- Gonna take us ten.
- I'm going in.
I'm going dark.
♪
[grunts]
- 10-4, 50-21 is inside
abandoned warehouse.
4200 Bella Street.
Shut down streets surrounding.
Do not go inside
until we arrive.
Repeat, do not go inside
Do not enter the area.
- Get down on your knees. Now!
- [grunting]
[gunshots]
- 50-21, emergency.
Roll an ambo to 4200 Bella.
Hey.
Hey, Julia.
Julia, can you hear me?
Julia.
50-21. I need that ambo now.
Female victim, unresponsive,
head trauma,
massive blood loss.
Roll that ambo now.
Come on.
Hey, come on, Julia.
Julia, come on.
You're still with me.
You gotta still
be with me, now.
Come on, Julia.
- [groans softly]
- Yeah, there you are.
All right.
There you are.
Julia, you're here with me now.
Just hang on.
You stay right here with me.
.
[towel dispenser whirring]
- What--what--did you--
did you find her?
- Yeah, we found her.
The men who hurt her
are all gone.
- Julia, she's okay?
- She's in the ICU,
but they're gonna
wanna hold her,
just to assess the damage.
She had a brain bleed.
- But she's okay?
She's alive, right?
- Yeah. She's alive.
She's stable.
I can take you
to the hospital right now.
- But what about the verdict?
Morales. I still have to vote.
- That's your call.
I can take you--
- I'm voting.
I'm gonna send
that man to prison
for the rest of his life.
[soft dramatic music]
♪
Thank you.
[inaudible]
♪
[indistinct conversation]
- Um, I'll see you later.
You've been waiting for me?
- No, I came back.
I had to drive your juror
Christopher Egan
to Chicago Med.
- Why is that?
- His wife Julia
was assaulted, kidnapped.
We found the offenders
as the jury
was finishing deliberations.
Look, I just wanted you
to know everything is fine.
And tell you congratulations.
You should be proud.
- Yeah, I should be.
I thought I would,
that I would feel relief.
Hell, I thought you and I
would be out grabbing a drink,
celebrating, right now.
But instead I'm here
wondering how
I'm complicit with you,
an innocent woman almost died.
- Nina...
I did what I had to do.
- How the hell
do you know that?
- Because Julia is alive,
and you just put Morales away
for life.
- Should I be
thanking you, then?
For lying to me,
for doing God knows what
to get the right result?
- All right.
- That's it?
- Yeah, that's it.
- Remember when you said
you don't think about it?
About the kind of man
you are now?
You should.
♪
[tense music]
[wolf howls]